About the job
Scope



The Lead Product Owner (LPO) is accountable for maximizing the value delivered by one or more Teams or Programs within the LiveCeption and PowerVision solution domains. The LPO plays a key role at the intersection of Product, Delivery, and People leadership.



The LPO: 

Is a member of the ART Program Governance Team (PGT) and the R&D LiveCeption/PowerVision SteerCo
Is accountable for the Program Backlog definition
Is accountable for the Delivery plan (release dates) of the Program
Is People Manager for Product Owners


Organizational Position:

The LPO reports to the VP Engineering – LiveCeption & PowerVision
The LPO works in close collaboration with Engineering leaders, Solution managers, Architects, other Lead Product Owners
The LPO is the manager of the Product Owners within her/his scope
The LPO interacts with several departments outside the R&D
Market & Solution (Product Management) and Solution Architect (pre-sales) for the scope definition and priorities setting
Support organization (CXT) for Customer escalation, maintenance releases management and large projects follow up


This reporting line ensures strong alignment between product strategy, delivery execution, and engineering priorities for the LiveCeption and PowerVision solutions.



Job Description



Product, Program & Solution Accountability:

Accountable for the definition, formalization, prioritization, and communication of the Program Backlog for LiveCeption & PowerVision scope
Maximize the value of Products delivered by the Agile Release Train (ART)
Ensure Program scope, priorities, and delivery objectives are aligned with the Products & Solutions Vision
Oversee the Solutions Live Cycle (from Spec. definition through E2E QC tests execution and Support) including several EVS’ products and optionally 3rd party products
Prepare and contribute to Program Increment (PI) Planning and programlevel events
Communicate PI outcomes, decisions, risks, and impacts proactively
Ensure crossproduct and crossteam alignment on scope, dependencies, and releases
Act as the single point of contact for Programlevel product topics towards internal and external stakeholders
Cobuild midterm roadmaps (1–3 years) for LiveCeption and PowerVision products/Solution


Leadership & People Management:

People Manager for Product Owners which includes
Plan regular 1on1s, objective setting and followup
Provide Performance feedback, career development and growth
Coach and mentor Product Owners
Foster a strong Product Owner culture EVS


Profile



Education & Experience:

Master’s degree in engineering, marketing, or equivalent experience.
Minimum 3 years in Product Ownership or Product Management, or a comparable role.
Experience in broadcast/media production technologies, workflows or EVS products is a strong asset.
Several years of people management experience is considered a strong asset.


Competencies:

Able to understand Business needs and translate them into Product features
Familiar with the "Agile Scrum" approach for product development focusing on a constant cycle of feedback, measurements and optimization.
Analytical, creative, out-of-the-box, pragmatic and proactive
Know enough tech to talk tech and enough business to talk business
Able to manage and set expectations with stakeholders, displays strong negotiation skills
Able to give and receive feedback
Highly autonomous, organised, and skilled at handling multiple priorities.
Open for changes and continuous learning
Result oriented and strong team player
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Fluent in English, knowledge in French is an asset
Aligned with EVS values: Innovation, Passion, Excellence, Agility, Accountability, Teamwork, and Customer Success


Offer



Becoming Part of the EVS Team not only means that you will receive a competitive salary in line with your skills and the market, but also a range of other additional wellness and healthcare benefits. Our flexible schedules and hybrid way of working (homeworking) policies will help you preserve your work-life balance. EVS will give you the tools to develop your skills and your career by giving you the opportunities of internal mobilities and a wide range of trainings. We encourage our motivated talents with a friendly, lively, and inclusive environment.



Check out our website if you want to know more about why you should join EVS !
